# Important Links
1. (Key concepts for hyperledger fabric) https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/release-1.1/key_concepts.html
2. (Quick, visual introduction to docker) https://youtu.be/YFl2mCHdv24
3. (BYFN, Fabcar) https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/release-1.1/tutorials.html
4. (Review of containers vs VMs and why containers are good) https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-beginner-friendly-introduction-to-containers-vms-and-docker-79a9e3e119b
5. (Transaction flow for hyperledger fabric networks) https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/txflow.html
6. (Fantastic in-depth example of how real world transactions would occur in a distributed ledger network, I've specified the important parts for you) [Part 2] [Part 5] [Part 6] [Part 8] [Part 9] [Part 10] https://medium.com/swlh/hyperledger-chapter-1-foundation-7ad5bd94d452
7. (Great introduction for incorporating CouchDB as the state database in a hyperledger fabric network) https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/release-1.2/couchdb_tutorial.html
8. (Explaination on how to orchestrate containers on kubernetes network. Skim through the part 1. Parts 2 and 3 are more important ) https://medium.freecodecamp.org/learn-kubernetes-in-under-3-hours-a-detailed-guide-to-orchestrating-containers-114ff420e882
# Other Important Reads
1. The lucidchart diagrams are very useful in helping your understanding of various architectures and workflows. I would get comfortable with [Local Docker Architecture], [Local Docker Run Process Workflow], and [Kubernetes Architecture Diagram]. It's not really essential that you know them to memorization, these diagrams are just there to help people understand what's going where at a basic level.
2. If you find yourself needing to use Docker Compose, this short video should help get you started. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw9zlE3t8Ko
3. If you look inside the fabric-samples folder, you'll see a folder that's called balance-transfer. This is another hyperledger fabric tutorial that's not on the website, and it's very useful for learning how to enroll and authenticate users, which may be important sometime in the future. I would give this a run through when you need to incorporate users and permissions. https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples/blob/release/balance-transfer/README.md
4. (NOT A CURRENT PRIORITY) This link will introduce you to building your own images on Google's Container Registry. Since the network uses images from hyperledger, we don't currently need to build our own images, but it might be something we need to do in the future. https://cloud.google.com/cloud-build/docs/quickstart-docker
# Next Steps/Plans (For after you're very comfortable with the network code)
(Disclaimer) Don't take things in this next section as word of law. Our plans and ideas are flexible and open to change as we see fit, this is only a rough guideline of where we think things are headed. Before I (Kevin) left, we were working on a step of the project called AccountStatusUpdate. The idea is we want to have a network up that can read the data of many accounts of people using toll roads, which supports the capability to attach various values to accounts (such as balance and status) and change them at will. Matt and Sumit will provide a better explanation than anything I can provide in this README, so ask them for clarification and diagrams they may have saved.
1. Incorporating a better state database - We discussed this a little bit, but the default state database for hyperledger fabric is goleveldb. This is a very basic database which stores key/value pairs, and that's fine for basic networks that just want to track electronic wallets. However, for long-term goals with this network, we'd need to transition to using CouchDB as the state database so we can perform richer queries. The end of the BYFN tutorial should give you your first taste of using CouchDB. This first step is all about figuring out how to add CouchDB functionality to the GCPnetwork that's up on the tolling.network GitHub page.
2. Fix and modify test_chaincode.go and vehicle_chaincode.js - For CouchDB to see its full use potential in the network, we have to be able to manipulate the business logic and functions for the network, which usually happens in the chaincode files. Right now, the network is using a default chaincode example from the hyperledger fabric page, but I've pushed a super rough implementation of new chaincode for vehicle querying onto this private repository. I'm going to be real honest, there are probably a lot of errors in it that I can't debug yet due to not yet being able to successfully implement the database itself to work with the network. That's why this is step 2; without configuring the database to be able to import data into the network, we can't really test the tentative chaincode.
3. Update Account Status - However you've implemented the database and chaincode, once they're both working, test the functionality of the network. The goal is to be able to query any account by a unique identifier and be able to change parameters of the account with a simple function.
4. Configure the network to work with a bigger cluster - This will be an important step after the test data can be reliably modified. In order to have the memory to work with thousands or millions of accounts, the network must be able to run on more than one node. Remember that the current problem with trying to run the network on a cluster with multiple nodes is that copying the artifacts only copies them into one node. Fixing the problem will require us to be able to access/change every node simultaneously or in quick succession so that every node is updated every time we execute a function.
# Notes on test_chaincode02.go and vehicle_chaincode.js
These are two different implementations of chaincode to try to incorporate CouchDB as the state database and I'm not sure which one is the better way to go. Vehicle_chaincode.js is modeled off of marbles_chaincode.js, the chaincode used in BYFN to allow querying and invokes with the marbles. Test_chaincode02.go is instead modeled off of the sample chaincode in the 10 part hyperledger fabric tutorial I've linked in important reads, and uses the example chaincode from the GCPnetwork as a base. It's up to you to decide whether you want to modify one of the two chaincodes or create your own new chaincode entirely, which might be the best option depending on whether or not you feel comfortable working with code that you haven't written yourself.
1. Note that in test_chaincode02.go that lines 21-26 are commented out, which contain the basic structure for vehicles. This would need to be uncommented or changed.
2. Lines 219-253 in test_chaincode02.go contain small samples of test data. If you would really like to test the chaincode capabilities BEFORE you incorporate the database import info, these lines bake test data into the chaincode itself (you'll get a better explanation from the chaincode section of the 10 part hyperledger fabric tutorial) so that you don't need to import actual test data yet.
# Remember To
1. KEEP DOCUMENTATION OF EVERYTHING YOU'RE DOING! The only reason I was able to give you all the important links was because Sumit told me to send every worthwhile link and thought to the group message. Please remember to make a note of everything you're trying, even if it fails, so other people will know what not to do on top of what to do. And of course, keep track of what links and thoughts you have that you deem important.
2. COMMUNICATE WITH THE TEAM! I was really quiet in the beginning of my time at Milligan Partners and it just made things really awkward, and it was hard to bounce around ideas and ask simple questions. Both Matt and Sumit are welcoming and open people, so don't be afraid to ask "stupid" questions or discuss ideas and directions you would like to go in. There were plenty of times they suggested a direction and I mentioned doing something differently would probably be better, and I was able to take the project in a more efficient direction instead of stumbling through something I didn't understand or wasn't confident doing. Your input will not only be well received, it will be greatly appreciated and good for both you and the team. Try to update Matt and Sumit on your progress once or twice a week. Don't worry if not much got done, since this is a new area there are going to be times where you feel like you're bashing your head on a wall and not progressing, but don't let that bother you too much and just keep looking for different ways to solve the problem.
3. CONTACT ME! I'll be available through Slack to answer any questions you may have about the network. Neither Matt or Sumit were as involved with the network creation and implementation as I was, so the most technical question will probably have to be answered by me. If you run into any errors that you're stumped on, don't hesitate to shoot me a message. I'll make time to take a look myself and get back to you when it's convenient for me.
# Miscellaneous
1. To view the network cpu/memory/pods in GCP Kubernetes engine, click on the cluster, then Nodes, then the node you want to view.
2. Always delete the network if you want to make any changes to it, like chaincode testing.
3. Various kubectl commands: ($ kubectl get pods)<br/>
($ kubectl get pods --show-all)<br/>
($ kubectl describe pods insert-pod-here) Example: ($ kubectl describe pods createchannel)<br/>
($ kubectl logs insert-pod-name-here insert-container-here) Example: ($ kubectl logs createchannel-th6q2 createchanneltx)
4. Describe pods has a lot of output but not too much useful information. Logs gives an output of commands run in the container, such as pwd and ls, which will not output anything when you run the setup script.
5. Job and deployment names are specified at the top of the file under metadata.
